Y
I am Ricardo to graze the beginnings and
osteopath I am the creator of the technique
of rp os what does education mean
osteopathic postural is a technique that
It has to do with the postural education
of the body
it's a dynamic way to solve
shortening postural problems
muscles or those factors that
Induce the body to a state of rigidity
the skill in any sport is
achieved by the sum of different
factors
No doubt talent is a condition
essential but in parallel
motor coordination strength
elasticity constitute pillars
fundamentals where the good
body functioning
The rb offers a wide range of
therapeutic possibilities are many
elements that interact in the same
scenario this allows the
treatment has repercussions in many aspects
both
the people who have an activity
labor force, such as for example
those who work in offices with
many hours sitting in front of a
monitor the body to bad
postures
the rp contemplates possibilities for
work on each particular problem
one
age children spend growth
by different stages in its development
these stages are related to the
maturation of the systems that make up
the human body allow the freedom of
his movements is to ensure a normal
growth and the balance of their
basic functions
as we grow we move forward
in age we also change our
morphological characteristics and
physiological
this makes us work more
slow and unstable
the rp technique improves these
aspects we work proprioception the
balance strength elongation
Y
the postures in suspension that
we use with the swings we
allow to work specifically a
tissue accurately takes advantage
well the patient's own weight and
comfort that the work system has
getting in this way is to remove
Chronically retracted tissues do not
contributed by injuries or by
postural alterations
in the sports field players of
soccer rugby tennis dancers prefer
this technique for the benefits that
they find when flexing their muscles
and joints